Okay, now, this is a problem. The recent, before, I don't know why in the event I push again. And what you just push now has made the backend has crashed. Meanwhile, what was normally done by other people was really okay. And you work, the backend did not crash and it was still live. Now the backend has crashed. Now, before that event, I realized that now the issue will fix. The app works well on desktop or some Android devices, but iPhone, when they open the website, it opens very well, but now the level of logging in, it still does the same thing. It still does the same thing. You will see login successful, then load, then suddenly just come back to the same login page. So I don't know, especially in devices like iPhone or some Android devices, but on PC, it is okay now. So now those are some of the things that need to be inspected, studied, and properly fixed now. I also tested, looked, tested, tested to make sure everything is okay and it will work perfectly now. And again, there's one improvement that I want you to do, but firstly, properly fix what is there, because that's what is just blocking the app now from really becoming production really. So make sure the app is now working and solve all those issues, making the app to be opening and working in any devices. So now, there's another additional feature I want you to improve. After, note, the main priority is what I told you earlier concerning that login issues. So now, but now this other one is another issue. It's another improvement or new something I want you to improve. When users want to contact, like they want to WhatsApp contact, they want to tap their WhatsApp contact to contact WhatsApp, right? It works normally, yes, but now, it works normally and I haven't displayed what they wanted in the message or the other message. Now, there should also be the particular product link, now, that particular machine link to attach to the message when they are trying to contact sellers so that the seller, the admin or the seller working on the app, managing the app, can easily know the particular product the user highlighted when he, yes, so that means that in the message, also add the link, the product link. So then when they tap it, it will just automatically open that particular product and the admins will understand. So that's just a little improvement I want you to also increase. But pertinently for the app to be functional, that particular first thing that I told you, an issue that I told you, that has to be properly resolved. So take your time and do things smartly.And the thing I also discovered that when I change, like my admin settings, when I change the name of the app, we from ApexMoto to a different thing, it changes and I save, it changes, it says successful and everything, but now when I go back and load the page, it's still showing ApexMoto, not what I put. So those are some of the things that need to be improved. If not done or done well, because the app looks quite powerful, but these are just some small, small blockage area or missing improvement or poor production-ready things. So these are some of the things that need to be detailly fixed, improved, or inspected and properly fixed, especially that one of login. Because that login over that is really a barrier. So I don't think it's too much work to do, but I just think things should be handled well, and finally fix all those, and test it, make sure it will work properly and have no issue again.